# Víctor Herrera

I have an extensive background in complex and scalable designs for web applications/APIs and its maintenance, focusing on the foundation of raw languages and tools. This allows me to move around all sorts of languages and frameworks implementing best practices as well bending paradigms to fit the specific needs of any project. Despite my preferred technologies I can quickly learn and adapt to any stack you require.

Most coders call themselves software developers and engineers. The reality is they are simply good at coding what they're asked to. Is that really what you're looking for? Being a good developer has very little to do with coding itself, but the careful process in which you think about the what, why and how of the code you're about to create. It's easy to code something that someone else has already figured out... figuring it out is where you need an expert.

With over 15 years of experience I have seen a lot of people who can code what they are told very skillfully, but the idea of creating something out of nothing, architecting a solution or even understanding a business problem is 100% foreign to them. The top skill that makes me stand out is the ability to fix your software department from its foundation, from code and standards, all the way to management processes and organizational structures, improving the productive time of development teams while also increasing the positive feeling of working in your company by getting problems out of people's ways, putting the right person in the right meetings where they are actually valuable.
